** DOCUMENTATION IS IN PROGRESS **

Simple Blog/CMS Software that runs http://roamthepla.net.

Features
  * ruby
  * sinatra
  * mustache
  * redcloth
  * mongodb
 
Clean default template setup for use with:
  * disqus
  * google analytics
  * feedburner
  * facebook
  * youtube
  * twitter

Requirements
  Roamtheblog saves its data to a MongoDB database.  If you don't want to run
  your own, I recommend using Mongo Machine (mongomachine.com).
  
  You will need access to a server that can run ruby code.  If you don't
  want to run your own, I recommend using Heroku (heroku.com).
  
Optimizations
  Roamtheblog is optimized to run on Heroku by setting a Cache-Control header
  to 300 seconds by default.  You can adjust that number as you wish in the
  Settings panel.
  
  Heroku or any other host that runs a cache such as Varnish in front of your
  app, will honor this setting and cache pages for this long. This means your
  app is only hit once every 5 minutes for each page.  The rest of the
  requests are served by the cache server.  
  
  This will speed up the site and help to keep your Heroku account from
  being overwhelmed by limiting the number of requests that your app serves.

Installation (needs further explanation)
  - create mongomachine account
  - create github account
  - create heroku account
  - git clone the app
  - setup required variables
  - deploy to heroku
  - login to admin panel
  - change username/password

Admin Panel
  Go to http://yoursitedomain.com/admin to manage your site.  By default
  the username and password is 'admin' (without the quotes).  After you login
  for the first time, you should change both settings.
  
  Pages
    Create static pages that are not blog posts such as an About page.
    Pages have a URL based on the title, such as /about.
    
  Posts
    Create blog posts.  You can assign a publish date to automatically
    publish posts at a later date, or leave it blank to keep the post
    unpublished.  
    
    Blog posts have a URL based on the publish date and the title, such
    as /blog/20110101-my-post.
      
  Settings
    Setup system-wide variables such as domain, title, and cache timeout.
    Be sure to set the desired Time Zone for publishing articles in the
    future.
  
    In addition, you can setup custom variables for use within
    each template.  For example, if you create a setting named 'flickr'
    with the value of 'myflickrid', then you can use {{setting_flickr}}
    in any of your templates and it will be replaced with the value of
    'myflickr'
      
  Designs
    You can create a design for displaying the html of your pages.  By
    default a copy of the design used on roamthepla.net is included.  You
    can copy this design and make changes to it, or create your own.
    Whenever you like you can switch between designs in the admin panel.

    Each design uses the markup language called Mustache for rendering the
    html.  Mustache allows you to write html using variables and arrays to
    control the content.

    For more information, please refer to the Mustache documentation at:
    http://mustache.github.com/mustache.5.html
      
  Users
    Add and manage users that can login and create content on the site.
  

Templates
  Each Design requires templates of certain names used to render different
  types of pages.  Below is a list of templates found in a design, 
  the URL used to access that page (if applicable), and a brief description.
  
  Layout
    The main layout of the site, typically the header, footer, and navbar.

  Error
    The content that is presented when there is an error
    
  Missing
    The content provided when a page is not found
    
  Blog (/blog)
    Lists all the posts on this blog
    
  Feed (/index.xml)
    Provides XML output of the posts for an RSS feed
    
  Home (/)
    The main page of the site, showing only the most recent post
  
  Page (/about)
    Static pages that are not a blog post, such as an About page
    
  Post (/blog/20110101-my-blog-post)
    Shows a blog post in its entirety
    
  Script (/application.js)
    Any custom javascript code
    
  Style (/style.css)
    The CSS Stylesheet for the site
  
Variables
  Each template is able to use certain mustache variables to provide content.
  Please refer to the Mustache documentation for more explanation on how
  to use variables.
  
  You can find the Mustache documentation with more details at:
  http://mustache.github.com/mustache.5.html
          
  Site-Wide:
    setting_X: variables added in the Settings section, prefixed by setting_
    site_title: title of site
    site_location: location of the site, provides a google map link
    site_domain: domain of the site (eg: mydomain.com)
  
  Style, Script, Error, Missing
    No special variables, however, all site-wide variables are accessible.
    eg: you could set a primary_color variable in settings and
    access that with {{setting_primary_color}} in your stylesheet.
      
  Feed (RSS Feed)
    updated: date of last update to any article
    posts: an array of posts that each contain:
      title: title of the post
      path: full URL to the post
      published: publish date of the post
      updated: last date this post was updated
      author: author of the post
      summary: summary of the post
      html: full html of the post
           
  Home (Main page of the site):
    title: title of the post
    path: relative URL to the post
    author: author of this post
    date: date of the post
    posts: an array of posts, ordered by date, that each contain
      title: title of the post
      date: date of the post
      path: relative URL to the post
                
  Blog (List of All Articles):
    posts: an array of posts, ordered by date, that each contain
       title: title of the post
       date: date of the post
       path: relative URL to the post
        
  Page (Static Page):
    title: title of the Page
    html: full HTML of the page
      
  Post (Blog Post):
    slug: slug/permalink of the post (eg: 20110103-mypost)
    url: full URL to the post
    path: relative URL to the post
    title: title of the post
    author: author of the post
    html: full HTML of the page
    date: date of the post

      
Default Template
  The default template is a clean and clutter-free template used to power
  roamthepla.net.  Feel free to use it, or copy it and modify it as you
  wish.
  
  There are several settings built in to the default template.  Just create
  them in the Settings panel and add the value you want to active it.
  
  Required
    primary_color: sets the main text color of the page, used in Style.
  
  Optional
    logo: provide a link to a logo to include in the header of the page.
  
  Enhancements
    feedburner: enable feedburner RSS feeds with your feedburner id.
    analytics: track page visits with your google analytics id.
    disqus: use disqus for comments with your disqus id.
  
  Links (on bottom of pages)
    facebook: link to your facebook site/page
    twitter: link to your twitter page
    youtube: link to your youtube account
    flickr: link to your flickr account
